Update dotnet Profiler enablement page (#31451)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/profiler/enabling/dotnet.md

- Allocations and Live Heap profiling are in beta until .NET 10 ships with the required changes for better statistical allocations sampling.
- Continuous Profiler is not supported for AWS Lambda.
- Continuous Profiler does not support ARM64.

> - Source Code Integration is available for Continuous Profiler .NET, but its still in Preview.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The Datadog Source Code Integration for Continuous Profiler .NET is in {{< tooltip glossary="preview" case="title" >}}.
```
